# LF Energy Arras (HiPAS GridLAB-D)

Kick-off Meeting

17-Nov-2022

Notes by David Chassin

## Minutes

Call to Order at 9:35 PST

Attendees: John Mertic, David Chassin, David Pinney, Pedram Jahangiri, Allen Le, Frank Tuffner

* Agenda:
  - Welcome
  - Role of the TSC
  - TSC Chairperson selection
  - Infrastructure updates
  - Meeting cadence
  - Any other topics
1. Welcome/Introductions
  - John Mertic (LFE, host, jmertic@linuxfoundation.org), 
  - David Chassin (SLAC, minutes, dchassin@slac.stanford.edu)
  - Allen Le (CEC, allen.le@energy.ca.gov)
  - Pedram Jahangiri (Amazon AWS, jpedram@amazon.com)
  - Frank Tuffner (PNNL, francis.tuffner@pnnl.gov)
  - David Pinney (NRECA, david.pinney@nreca.coop)
2. Role of Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Kickoff and Level-Set in collaborating open-source
  - TSC Role: sets the direction of the project, roadmap, features, strategic direction, support for the community of users, assess their needs and prioritize work. Provides "service leadership".
  - All TSC work and meetings are open to the public, collaboration with potential competitors. Be aware of anti-trust laws regarding discussions. Participation is as an individual. What we say is public. John will provide an anti-trust statement at start of each meeting.
  - Request for a briefing on the current status of the software at the next meeting (ACTION ITEM - Dave)
3. Role of the chair
  - leads meetings
  - sets meeting agenda
  - general guide to project
  - drive to consensus
  - serve as spokesperson for public relations
  - liaison to LFE Technical Advisory Council. 
  - Frank nominates David Chassin, Pedram seconds. 
  - Consensus on one-year term for Chair starts Jan 1.
4. Infrastructure
  - Project name proposal: "Arras". Tentative ok, but PNNL and CEC need to do due diligence (ACTION ITEM - Frank and Allen).
  - Slack channel created under the name "GridLAB-D.
  - Github org created by LFE as "arras-energy". John needs github ids. (ACTION ITEM - all)
  - SLAC transfer code to new github org (ACTION ITEM - SLAC team)
5. Meeting cadence
  - Once a month for now until further notice
6. No additional topics
7. Adjourn at 10:05 PST
# Action items
1. David Chassin: present project status at next meeting
2. Frank Tuffner and Allen Le: due diligence on project name "Arras"
3. All: send github ids to John Mertic to add to github "arras-energy" organization
4. SLAC: transfer code and support infrastructure to "arras-energy"
