# TSC Meeting on April 20, 2023

1. Welcome / Roll call
   - David Chassin
   - Allen Le 
   - Frank Tuffner
3. Action Items Update
   - [x] (All) Send github IDs to add to organization members
   - [ ] (Chassin) Transfer code from `slacgismo` to `arras-energy`
   - [x] (Chassin) Add work progress to meeting agenda
   - [ ] (Le) Seek new members from California IOUs/POUs
4. Work progress update
   1. HiPAS GridLAB-D 4.3.1 status
      - Dave: Progress on transfer ongoing, hope to have it done by end of May
   2. Open pull requests
      - Dave: List reduced significantly
   3. Current issues
      - Dave: Frank has one NR issues that needs attention
5. New topics 
   1. Dockerhub automation for build of images: do we use dockerhub automation (cost) or GitHub actions?
      - Frank: This is good question for John Mertic, especially if LFE does not have a dockerhub account
   2. Machine learning solvers
      - Allen: ML was not ready for production in HiPAS. Sensitive to topology changes, fix not suitable for general use. This will be as addressed later as part of Arras development.
   3. Licensing issues
      - Dave: all the repo licenses for HiPAS have been changed to BSD-3. A note about US Gov right as also added to the README (https://github.com/slacgismo/gridlabd/tree/develop#us-government-rights).
6. Approval of minutes
   - Moved and seconded. Approved.
8. Action items 
   1. (Chassin) Transfer code from `slacgismo` to `arras-energy`
   2. (Le) Seek new members from California IOUs/POUs
9. Adjourn
   - Without objection.
