# TSC Meeting on July 20, 2023

1. Welcome / Roll call of voting members
   - [x] David Chassin (SLAC)
   - [ ] Frank Tuffner (PNNL)
   - [x] Pedram Jahangiri (Amazon)
   - [ ] Anthony James (SCE)
   - [x] Allen Le (CEC)
  
   * Emeritus Members
     * David Pinney (NRECA)
     * Qing Tian (CEC) - present
    
   * A quorum is present (50%+1)
     - [x] Yes
     - [ ] No
    
   * New TSC Membership Requests
     * Joseph Chongfuangprinya (Hitachi) (moved and seconded, approved)

2. Action Items Update
   - [ ] (Le) Seek new members from California IOUs/POUs
   - [x] (All) Review sandbox task list (issue #1)
   - [x] (All) Review and comment on announcement, released in July 2023.
   - [x] (Dave) Talk to John about how LFE manages mailing lists for Arras Energy.
   - [ ] (Dave) Talk to Matthew Tisdale about contacts in Hawaii and elsewhere.
   - [ ] (Dave) Get input from John on technical support strategy from LF Energy
   - [ ] (Le) IEPR information regarding emerging regulatory analysis requirements to reduce workload/time on interconnection queue
   - [ ] (Tuffner) Outreach to other DOE offices/programs/labs for Arras as a vehicle for delivery
   - [x] (Jahangiri) Come up with a list of Generative AI use-cases
      Two ways of leveraging LLM: (1) user interface improvements, e.g., NLP on top of websites to respond to human-like questions, and (2) reasoning/summarizing/augmentation/content generation. Current issues with (1): knowledge cuttoff and hallucination. Proposes new project (see Action 1).
   - [x] (Dave) Add port requirements for deployment on premise
     * See https://github.com/arras-energy/.github/blob/main/CYBERSECURITY.md
     * (Allen) We need to enumerate which features require which ports. Also need to consider whether/how to support consolidating port forwarding when direct-server access is not desired, and if so, which ports are allowed/disallowed, e.g., using a configuration. (see Action 2)
   - [ ] (Dave) Draft technical support model for users vs. bug fixing (assigned to Dave)

3. Work progress update
   1. Source code status
      - 4.3.2 released on 7/1/23 (build changes only)
   2. Research input
      - No news from Frank.
   3. Open pull requests
        1. [Fix regulator control in IEEE/13 model](../../../gridlabd/pull/1309)
        2. [Release version 4.3.3 (chiba-3)](../../../gridlabd/pull/1306)
   4. Current issues
      - No blockers, 79 pending review by TSC (7 resolved)
   5. CI/CD process
      - Transfer of dockerhub and AWS resources completed
   6. TAC Meeting Presentation 7/25/23
   7. Liaison to CEC IEPR group (Allen Le)
   8. Release 4.3.1 announced on 7/13/23 on LF Energy website.

4. New topics 
   - 

5. Approval of minutes
   - Moved, second, and approved

6. Action items 
   1. (Pedram) New project proposal to introduce conversational AI based on Pedram's test.
   2. (Dave) Add new project to deal with port forwarding/cyber security for utilities with restrictions on URL/ports.
   3. (Dave) Send TAC meeting slides to TSC for review.

7. Adjourn
   - Moved and seconded
