# TSC Meeting on September 21, 2023

1. Welcome / Roll call of voting members
   - [ ] David Chassin (SLAC)
   - [ ] Frank Tuffner (PNNL)
   - [ ] Pedram Jahangiri (Amazon)
   - [ ] Anthony James (SCE)
   - [ ] Allen Le (CEC)
   - [ ] Joseph Chongfuangprinya (Hitachi)
   
   * Emeritus Members
     - [ ] David Pinney (NRECA)
     - [ ] Qing Tian (CEC)
    
   * A quorum is present (50%+1)
     - [ ] Yes
     - [ ] No
    
2. Action Items Update
   - [ ] (Le) Seek new members from California IOUs/POUs
   - [ ] (Dave) Talk to Matthew Tisdale about contacts in Hawaii and elsewhere.
   - [ ] (Dave) Get input from John on technical support strategy from LF Energy
   - [ ] (Le) IEPR information regarding emerging regulatory analysis requirements to reduce workload/time on interconnection queue
   - [ ] (Tuffner) Outreach to other DOE offices/programs/labs for Arras as a vehicle for delivery
   - [ ] (Dave) Draft technical support model for users vs. bug fixing (assigned to Dave)
   - [ ] (Pedram) New project proposal to introduce conversational AI based on Pedram's test.
   - [ ] (Dave) Add new project to deal with port forwarding/cyber security for utilities with restrictions on URL/ports.
   - [ ] (Dave) Send TAC meeting slides to TSC for review.

3. Work progress update
   1. Source code status
      - 4.3.3 in progress (see https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1306)
      - New repo [module_template](https://github.com/arras-energy/module_template) to build external modules.
   2. Research input
      - TODO
   3. Open pull requests
        1. [Update pole.cpp](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1324)
        2. [Fix product name](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1325)
        3. [Update `isone.py`](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1329)
        4. [Add documentation and improve code readability](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1330)
        5. [Add XLSX converter for SPIDA / pole analysis](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1331)
        6. [Add `create_childs` tool](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pull/1335)
   4. Current issues
      - No blockers, 84 pending open (5 new, 4 resolved)
   5. CI/CD process
      - No update
   6. TAC Meeting Presentation 7/25/23
      - Dave: done
   8. Liaison to CEC IEPR group
      - Allen:
   10. Website
      - Dave: first version published at https://www.arras.energy/ 

4. New topics 
   - TODO

5. Approval of minutes
   - Moved, second, and approved

6. New action items 
   1. TODO

7. Adjourn
   - Moved and seconded
