# TSC Meeting on June 15, 2023

1. Welcome / Roll call
   - David Chassin (SLAC)
   - Anthony James (SCE)
   - *No quorum*
2. Action Items Update
   - [ ] (Chassin) Transfer code from `slacgismo` to `arras-energy`
   - [ ] (Le) Seek new members from California IOUs/POUs
3. Work progress update
   1. HiPAS GridLAB-D 4.3.1 status
      - Dave: All support repositories transferred from SLAC to Arras-Energy
   2. Open pull requests
      - Dave: One PR remaining, expected completion 5/19/23
   3. Current issues
      - Dave: No blockers, 85 pending review by TSC
   4. Dockerhub automation for build of images
      - Dave: currently handled by GitHub actions and posted to 'hipas', waiting on resolution by John Mertic on 'arras-energy' dockerhub account.
4. New topics 
   - Review and adopt 'sandbox' task list
   - Review and approve [draft blog post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BiNohquOMhAvsj0Wu6RmQ0Owjoad7dFo5Ava_Y3J-Iw/edit)
5. Approval of minutes
   - *No quorum*
6. Action items 
   1. (Chassin) Transfer code from `slacgismo` to `arras-energy`
   2. (Le) Seek new members from California IOUs/POUs
7. Adjourn
   - *No quorum*
