# TSC Meeting on Oct 13, 2025

1. Welcome / Roll call of voting members
      - [ ] David Chassin (Eudoxys)
      - [ ] Allen Le (CEC)
      - [ ] Joseph Chongfuangprinya (Hitachi)
      - [ ] Alyona Teyber (LLNL)

   * Non-voting members
      - [ ] Frank Tuffner (PNNL)
      - [ ] Pedram Jahangiri (Amazon)
      - [ ] Anthony James (SCE - no longer at SCE)
      - [ ] Bo Yang (Hitachi)
      - [ ] Duncan Ragsdale (Independent)
      - [ ] Slobo Matic (GE Vernova)
      - [ ] Bennet Meyers (SLAC)
      - [ ] Miguel Jimenez Aparicio (Sandia)
   
   * Emeritus Members
      - [ ] David Pinney (NRECA)
      - [ ] Qing Tian (CEC)
    
   A quorum is present (50%+1)
   - [ ] Yes
   - [ ] No - Status update only

2. Old business
  * (Dave) Update the Arras Brochure
  * (Alyona) Docker alternatives docs
  * (Alyona) Notify members of change in governance
  * (Dave) 4.3.17 in progress - minor fixes, pypower DC line, psse2glm converter fix, US fed NOAA data shifted to Herbie, new PROJECT tool for PM (tbd)
  * (Joseph) GLOW update - fixed, final tests to be run. Downloads currently paused. No update
  * (Allen) CEC Distributed Energy and Electrification Analysis - data task in review with CEC. 
  * (Dave) Sandia training request (Miguel Jimenez) - no update
  * (Dave) Community building
      * University outreach - find lead for this task
      * IEEE T&D - Dave leading (CEC project x LF Energy basis - follow up with Allen / John ) - no interest from LF energy re support, possible FIDOPower via ALM 
      * IEEE PES GM - Tutorial proposals due in Nov, potentially a workshop '27?  
      * (Dave) Refresh the brochure (https://github.com/slacgismo/hipas-gridlabd/blob/main/Task%207.2%20-%20Final%20Fact%20Sheet.pdf)
  * (Alyona) LLNL Arras intro (compare and contrast GridLAB-D vs Arras) - completed
  * (All) Build a community of contributors (universities, industry, international)

3. New business
  -

4. Action Items
  -

5. Approval of minutes
  -   

6. Adjourn
  -
