# TSC Meeting on Jul 14, 2025

1. Welcome / Roll call of voting members
   - [ ] David Chassin (Eudoxys)
   - [ ] Frank Tuffner (PNNL)
   - [ ] Pedram Jahangiri (Amazon)
   - [ ] Anthony James (SCE - no longer at SCE)
   - [x] Allen Le (CEC)
   - [x] Joseph Chongfuangprinya (Hitachi)
   - [x] Alyona Teyber (LLNL)
   - [ ] Duncan Ragsdale (Independent)
   - [ ] Slobo Matic (GE Vernova)
   - [ ] Bennet Meyers (SLAC)
   - [ ] Miguel Jimenez Aparicio (Sandia)

   * Non-voting attendees
     - [ ] Bo Yang (Hitachi)
   
   * Emeritus Members
     - [ ] David Pinney (NRECA)
     - [ ] Qing Tian (CEC)
    
   * A quorum is present (50%+1)
     - [ ] Yes
     - [x] No - Status update only
    
2. Old business
  * (Dave) 4.3.16 released - CVX updates
  * (Joseph) GLOW update - fixed, final tests to be run. Downloads currently paused.
  * (Allen) CEC Distributed Energy and Electrification Analysis - data task in progress. Arras energy overview this thursday. Dave prepared presentation. 
  * (Dave) Sandia training request (Miguel Jimenez) - no update
  * (Dave) Community building
      * University outreach 
      * IEEE T&D - Dave leading (CEC project x LF Energy basis - follow up with Allen / John )
      * IEEE PES GM - TBD
      * Refresh the brochure (https://github.com/slacgismo/hipas-gridlabd/blob/main/Task%207.2%20-%20Final%20Fact%20Sheet.pdf)
  * (Alyona) LLNL Arras intro (compare and contrast GridLAB-D vs Arras) - to be scheduled
  * (Alyona) CSI Arras / gridlabd intro - July 1 - completed
  * (All) Build a community of contributors (universities, industry, international)

3. New business

  
4. Action Items
   * (Dave) IEEE T&D Booth Prep (May 2026) - Tutorial (complete) / Booth (TBD)
   * (Dave) PR - Governance update for qualification of voting members (core voting committee details, min threshold for meeting attendance etc)
   * Update members based on new Governance

5. Approval of minutes
   - no quorum

6. Adjourn
   - no quorum
